hey Amanda Christy from safe homes
Canada Home Inspections I own a civil
engineering based home inspection
company in central Ontario we inspect
houses for people buying houses if
you're buying a house you should demand
a thorough job for your home from your
home inspector when you're interviewing
home inspectors on the phone ask them
some very specific questions how long is
the process can it take should be about
a half day at least a few hours for most
houses ask home inspectors if they're
gonna get a big ladder out of their
vehicle even in the middle of winter ask
them if they're gonna put the ladder up
to every single side of the house you
need to have no surprises when you move
into your house a thorough home
inspector gets that ladder out and
checks things out a thorough home
inspector goes all the way through the
Attic not peeking just peeking in the
Attic from the top of a ladder is
unacceptable it's not thorough enough
you don't want surprises ask the home
inspector if they're going to go in the
Attic at an old house or any house that
has wood on the outside of the windows
you know people tell me a home
inspection is a visual inspection only
I've heard it's in contract that's not
good enough you have to get your hands
on the building ask your home inspector
if they're gonna get their hands on the
building ask them if they're gonna poke
and prod the wood around windows with a
knife because if they're not gonna do
that without destroying anything
obviously if they're not gonna do that
they're not being thorough enough so
even in the middle of winter home
inspectors need to get up on the ladder
it's an athletic job and check wood
around windows if they're not gonna do
that find a home inspector who's gonna
take care of you a visual inspection is
not good enough you're only in the power
position for one day take advantage of
that
Andy Christy safe homes Canada we'll see
you soon
you